My ultimate quick traffic hack I bet you
heard of a thousand different SEO
experts and marketing experts tell you
about their favorite quick traffic hat
but you want to know which one I rely on
all the time that's super quick super
simple and actually makes a difference
there's a bigger version of it and one
that requires more effort that you've
probably heard for before
but this one this one's quick easy and a
nice way to give your click-through rate
a nice little boost
well that's because Google likes seeing
content that's relevant up to date and
brand new see a blog post from 10 years
ago just won't do as good today so my
quick hack it's not updating your
content yes you should do that that
takes a bit more time but it's adding
the year to your title tag literally
just add the year at the end of your
title tag now you can do this for all
pages but you can do this for a lot of
your informational Pages for example the
beginner's guide to SEO 2022 version
or The Ultimate Guide to SEO in 2022
and there's a lot of SEO plugins that
help you adapt your title tags like the
all-in-one SEO Plugin or the yoast SEO
plugin all you have to do is go into
that page that you want to edit and put
the year into that title tag preview it
and then you can see how it looks in the
serps eventually Google will update it
and you'll start getting more SEO
traffic when it's content related to
education such as like how to do
something how to learn SEO how to learn
marketing how to learn how to ride a
bike how to learn anything that's
Advanced people typically want to see it
updated if it's something like how to
tie a tie no one cares for the 22
version or the 2023 version or the 2024
version same with how to ride a bike I
know I mentioned it but with how to ride
a bike if it's an electric bike or it's
a bike that does tricks sure people may
want the year but if it's anything that
is unique and fresh like we just passed
year 2022 we're now in 20 2023 people
want to see the latest Year's version
updating the title tag to the year that
you're currently in will help you do
better and what we found it gets us
roughly five to six percent more traffic
when we update our title tag with the
latest year added to the end
that's simple it doesn't take much work
and yes that's not much traffic but it
works it takes a little bit of time for
Google to index it and your rankings to
slowly crime and you got to make sure
when you update this in your post
there's not older stuff that says 2022
when we're in 2023
so you need to update the title and just
double check to make sure the post
doesn't have old stuff from previous
years because you don't want to trick
people and to see them either but just
doing this one chain shouldn't take you
more than five minutes it's a quick way
to just hit a little bit more traffic
it's one of my favorite hacks we do this
every single year at the beginning of
each year or at the end of the previous
year